I'm afraid for the calendar.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes.
How does dry skin affect you at work?
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?
Dear Math,
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
Have you heard about the chocolate record player?
What did the ocean say to the beach?
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet.
How does the moon cut his hair?
What did one wall say to the other?
What did the zero say to the eight?
A skeleton walks into a bar and says,
Where do fruits go on vacation?
I asked my dog what's two minus two.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?
What does a sprinter eat before a race?
Where do you learn to make a banana split?
What has more letters than the alphabet?
Dad, did you get a haircut?
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out.
Where do boats go when they're sick?
I don't trust those trees.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction.
How do you get a squirrel to like you?
Why don't eggs tell jokes?
I don't trust stairs.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose?
Did you hear the rumor about butter?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?
What did one hat say to the other?
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory?
Dad, can you put my shoes on?
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?
This graveyard looks overcrowded.
What kind of car does an egg drive?
Dad, can you put the cat out?
How do you make 7 even?
How does a taco say grace?
What time did the man go to the dentist?
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
I have a joke about chemistry,
What concert costs just 45 cents?
What does a bee use to brush its hair?
How do you make a tissue dance?
Why did the math book look so sad?
What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
My dad told me a joke about boxing.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear?
How does a penguin build its house?
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
I used to be addicted to soap,
A guy walks into a bar...
You think swimming with sharks is expensive?
When two vegans get in an argument,
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. 
Do you wanna box for your leftovers?
That car looks nice,
Shout out to my fingers.
If a child refuses to nap,
What country's capital is growing the fastest?
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda.